Science is a part of our everyday life. In its broadest meaning science means 'knowledge'. And, as knowledge, it had entered life of even the most primitive human beings. They knew, in protein and carbohydrate and containing vitamins. The result is a healthy prolonged life. One can imagine how life must have been in pre-scientific days. Science has also improved clothing and made it more appropriate for climatic and working conditions. Man-made fibers and versatile spinning machines, today enable us to dress in clothes both comfortable and smart without being expensive.
We can't think of our everyday life without science. For instance, the safe from the poisonous berry. They knew some rudimentary ideas about building a hut, sharpening a spear, and fishing in the river. This is what is science which distinguishes man from the animals which rely on their instinct.
Yet, for most people 'science' means a number of abstract subjects such as physics, chemistry, biology and mechanics, to quote a few, which have to be learnt as part of 'education', yet which seem to have little bearing on everyday living. This is all wrong. Our way of life is completely dependent on science and its inventions and discoveries surround us on all sides.
Since the Renaissance science has b in protein and carbohydrate and containing vitamins. The result is a healthy prolonged life. One can imagine how life must have been in pre-scientific days. Science has also improved clothing and made it more appropriate for climatic and working conditions. Man-mo the present.
Today, we have many consumer goods from the simple frying-pan to the and aeroplane, from the alarm-clock to the laptop. All these things serve to make life easier and more pleasant. Science gives us safe food, free of harmful germs, in hygienic tins. The result is a healthy prolonged life. One can imagine how life must have been in pre-scientific days. Science has also improved clothing and made it more appropriate for climatic and working conditions.
We can't think of our everyday life without science.
